1. AuthenticationForm in Django is a ready form for user login. It will check if username and password are correct in database. The advantage is easy to use, efficient because we don't have to make our own login session. The disadvantage is not very flexible to make a custom login session, because it's a built-in.

2. Authentication mean check who is the person by their username and password. Authorization mean check what feature that the user could access, for example there will be some extra features for developer and less feature for user. Django handle authentication with auth system for login, and handle authorization with permission, group, and snippet for example `@login_required`.

3. Session save data in server so the data will be more safe but use more resource. While cookies save data in browser so it will be more light and easy but cookies are more dangerous and risky because user can easily change it.

4. Cookies are not safe by default, hacker can attack and/or steal the data if there is no protection. For example using Cross-site Scripting, MITM, and CSRF. Django help by using HttpOnly, Secure flag, and also CSRF token to stop those kinds of attack.

5. I make register feature using UserCreationForm so user can create account, then i add login with AuthenticationForm, authenticate(), and login() so Django save session when user success login. For logout i use logout(request) to remove session and go back to login page. i protect some page with @login_required so only login user can see it. I also add cookie last_login to save last time user login, set it when login success and delete it when logout. Then i connect "class News" model with User using ForeignKey so every products belong to the creator, and i add filter to show all products or only my products, so that i could see every products i've made with another account or dummy account. Lastly, i put the author's name in the article's description so that other user can see who made the article.